@usedefaults

{{toc: start=3 | depth=2}}

{% if error is defined %}
Error : ${error}
{% else %}

@@title Robot: ${robot.name}

h2. Robot: ${robot.name}

{{robot}}
* *Address*: [${robot.url}| ${robot.url}]
* *Type*: ${robot.info.type}
* *Number of services*: ${robot.metrics.nr_services}
* *Repositories info*
{% for repo, data in robot.info.repositories.items() -%}
  ** *${repo} repository*
    *** *Url*: [${data['url']}| ${data['url']}]
    *** *Last push time*: {{ts: ${data['last_pushed']}}}
{% endfor %}


h3. Services

{{datatables_use}}

||Name||Template||Guid||
{% for service in services -%}
  |[${service.name}|/ZRGrid/service?guid=${service.guid}&rname=$$rname]| ${service.template} | ${service.guid}|
{% else %}
  No services available.
{% endfor %}

h3. Templates

{{datatables_use}}
||Name||UID||
{% for template in templates -%}
  |${template.name}| ${template.uid} |
{% else %}
  No templates available for selected robot.    
{% endfor %}

{% endif %}

h3. Robot metrics

h4. CPU (in percentage)

@row clearfix

@col 4
h5. Idle time
{{jgauge width:100 id:1 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.idle} start:0 end:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. User space time
{{jgauge width:100 id:2 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.user} start:0 end:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. System time
{{jgauge width:100 id:3 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.system} start:0 end:100}}
@colend
@rowend

@row clearfix

@col 4
h5. I/O wait
{{jgauge width:100 id:4 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.iowait} start:0 end:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. Nice
{{jgauge width:100 id:5 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.nice} start:0 end:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. IRQ
{{jgauge width:100 id:6 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.irq} start:0 end:100}}
@colend

@col 4
h5. SoftIRQ
{{jgauge width:100 id:7 height:100 val:${robot.metrics.cpu.softirq} start:0 end:100}}
@colend
@rowend

h4. Memory

@col 6
h5. Swap Information(Total: ${robot.metrics.memory.swap_total} MB)
{{piechart:

 data: [${robot.metrics.memory.swap_total - robot.metrics.memory.swap_free}, ${robot.metrics.memory.swap_free}] 
 legends: [Swap used, Free swap]
 width: 350
 height: 200

 }}
@colend

@col 6
H5. Memory Information(Total: ${robot.metrics.memory.total} MB)
{{piechart:

 data: [${robot.metrics.memory.total - robot.metrics.memory.free}, ${robot.metrics.memory.free}, ${robot.metrics.memory.cached}] 
 legends: [Memory used, Free memory, Cache]
 width: 350
 height: 200

 }}
 @colend